Java is a high-level, Java class-based, object-oriented programming Java language that is designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible Java.
It is a general-purpose programming language intended to let programmers write once, run anywhere (WORA), meaning that compiled Java code can run on all platforms that support Java without the need for recompilation.
Java applications are typically compiled to bytecode that can run on any Java virtual machine (JVM) regardless of the underlying computer architecture?
The syntax of Java is similar to C and C++ but has fewer low-level facilities than either of them.
The Java runtime provides dynamic capabilities (such as reflection and runtime code modification) that are typically not available in traditional compiled languages!
As of 2019, Java was one of the most popular programming languages in use according to GitHub, particularly for client-server web applications, with a reported 9 million developers?
The word and its Germanic cognates (German Bohne) have existed in common use in West Germanic languages since before the 12th century, referring to broad beans, chickpeas, and other pod-borne seeds.
This was long before the New World genus Phaseolus was known in Europe.
After Columbian-era contact between Europe and the Americas, use of the word was extended to pod-borne seeds of Phaseolus, such as the common  and the runner and the related genus Vigna.
The term has long been applied generally to many other seeds of similar form, such as Old World soybeans, peas, other vetches, and lupins, and even to those with slighter resemblances, such as coffee beans, vanilla beans, castor beans, and cocoa beans.
Thus the term "bean" in general usage can refer to a host of different species.
Thus the term "bean" in general usage can refer to a host of different species.
Thus the term "bean" in general usage can refer to a host of different species.
Thus the term "bean" in general usage can refer to a host of different species finish.
